Created `SyntheticPlatformEmitter` (#3368)
expo/expo: packages/expo-react-native-adapter/README.md

const { FileSystem } = NativeModulesProxy;

FileSystem.getInfo('file:///...');
```

Note that all the methods return `Promise`s.

### Synthetic Platform Events

When creating web universal modules, you may find that you need to send events back to the API layer.

> In this case you will want to use the shared instance `SyntheticPlatformEmitter` which can emit events to `NativeEventEmitter` or `EventEmitter` from `expo-core`.

Reviewer: Disambiguate where the event emitters are coming from:
```suggestion
In this case you will want to use the shared `SyntheticPlatformEmitter` instance from `expo-core`. The shared emitter emit events to `react-native`'s `NativeEventEmitter` and `expo-core`'s `EventEmitter` .
```

`ExponentGyroscope.web.ts`

```js
// Example from expo-sensors native web gyroscope sensor

import { SyntheticPlatformEmitter } from 'expo-core';

SyntheticPlatformEmitter.emit('gyroscopeDidUpdate', { x, y, z });
```

> This emitted event is then received with a `EventEmitter` in the developer facing API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This emitted event is then received with a `EventEmitter` in the developer-facing API.
```

```js

> import { EventEmitter, Subscription, Platform } from 'expo-core';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { EventEmitter } from 'expo-core';
```

import ExponentGyroscope from './ExponentGyroscope';

> const nativeEmitter = new EventEmitter(nativeSensorModule);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const nativeEmitter = new EventEmitter(ExponentGyroscope);
```

> nativeEmitter.addListener('gyroscopeDidUpdate', ({ x, y, z }) => {});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// On Android and iOS, `nativeEmitter` receives events sent from Objective-C and Java. On web, it
// receives events from the shared `SyntheticPlatformEmitter` instance.
nativeEmitter.addListener('gyroscopeDidUpdate', ({ x, y, z }) => {});
```
